Tune Swarm<T> (#744)
planetarium/libplanet: CHANGES.md

    [[#734]]
 -  Fixed a bug where the states became empty between the tip of the peer to
    receive the states and the tip of the downloaded block.  [[#736]]
 -  Fixed a bug where `Swarm<T>.StartAsync()` had thrown

>     `NullReferenceException` when without using NAT and `host` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `NullReferenceException` when `host` parameter is present on the outside of NAT.
```
